In this section we will gain some hands on CSSA practice.
We will use the techniques we learned in the second half of the course to stylize the Web site we created
in the hands on each team portion earlier in the course using CSSA.
We will add animation color and style to make our Web page livelier first.
We will work on adding style to the header bar.
Next we will stylize the home page.
After that we will stylize the About page then we will stylize the menu page.
Finally we will stylize the contact page by the end of this section.
You will have practical experience sterilising a Web site you will understand the concepts taught in
the second part of the course better and will become a better rounded developer in the next lecture.
We will stylize the header bar for our website.